Add tests for relative reference in cwl.output.json (#199)
common-workflow-language/cwl-v1.2: invocation.md

## Output binding

If the output directory contains a file named "cwl.output.json", that
file must be loaded and used as the output object.  In this case, the

> output object should still be typechecked against the `outputs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
output object should still be type-checked against the `outputs`
```

section, but `outputBinding` is ignored.

For Files and Directories, if the value of `path` is a relative path
pattern (does not begin with a slash '/') then it is resolved relative
to the output directory.  If the value of the "path" is an absolute
path pattern (it does begin with a slash '/') then it must refer to a
path within the output directory.  It is an error for "path" to refer
outside the output directory.

Similarly, if a File or Directory "cwl.output.json" contains
`location`, it is resolved as relative reference URI with a base URI
representing the output directory.  If `location` contains some other
absolute URI with a scheme supported by the implementation, the
implementation may choose to accept it.

If both `path` and `location` are provided on a File or Directory in

> "cwl.output.json", `path` takes precidence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"cwl.output.json", `path` takes precedence.
```
